[DO NOT MERGE] DOCS-12770 lifecycle states (#166)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/asset-details.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> 

Reviewer: After reading this text, I wonder why this topic title is Asset Details (indicating a reference topic) rather than something like Contents of the Asset Details Page (ref) or Viewing Asset Details (because there are "hidden" tasks in here about how to view, test, add, delete, and edit documentation)

> NOTE: The current documentation provides information about the new UI for the asset details page, which includes the lifecycle states feature. The previous UI does not include lifecycle states. 

Reviewer: Consider...
```suggestion
NOTE: Current product documentation includes information about the new lifecycle states feature visible in the asset details page of the updated UI.
```
HOWEVER...I'm not sure why this note is necessary; in fact, our style is to avoid beginning any topic with a notice. Could you incorporate this into the introductory text below? I think it goes without saying that this doc is updated to reflect changes in the UI....

> The asset details page provides comprehensive information about an asset. You can view version agnostic information, share and download, view code, manage versions and lifecycle states, add categories and tags, edit the documentation, and test API endpoints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asset details page provides comprehensive information about an asset, including lifecycle states. You can view version-agnostic information, share and download, view code, manage versions and lifecycle states, add categories and tags, edit the documentation, and test API endpoints. 
```
Also, "share and download <what?>"

> See xref:workflow-sharing-assets.adoc[Workflow: Publish Assets] for more information about performing these functions.

Reviewer: Going forward, let's work to remove colons from topic titles.

> * The HTTP functions in the REST specification (for a REST API)
> * Terms and conditions and APIs using this policy (for a policy)

Reviewer: I know this is untouched but I suggest reordering the content of these list items as follows:
```suggestion
* For a REST API, the HTTP functions in the REST specification
* For a policy, the terms and conditions and APIs using this policy 
```

> The top asset detail pane provides the following information:

Reviewer: Is there no label for "the top" pane?
(This is something I am hoping to change via work with our new Design System team....)

* Asset name 
* Description
* Asset type
* Organization
* Owner name
* Owner email
* Asset creation date 
* Last updated date
* Version 

> * Categories  and tags of the asset

Reviewer: Remove space:
```suggestion
* Categories and tags of the asset
```

* Lifecycle state
* Share by inviting users to have access
* For APIs, download specifications and view code

> * Add a new version

Reviewer: These list items are not parallel with their peers and do not logically complete the intro of things listed.

> For REST APIs, use the right pane to test the API by creating example calls and test data (mocking), so you can send data to the API and view the results.

Reviewer: I'm concerned that the audience will be confused by "top pane," "right pane," "asset details pane," and so on. We need to make sure that each is distinct from the other and easily recognizable as what we are documenting in the UI.

Reviewer: Also, what is the user goal in this sentence? Testing and viewing the results? There are so many actions going on (test API, create calls, test data, send data, view results) that the focus seems buried. How about...
```suggestion
For REST APIs, use the right pane to create example calls and mock data to test the API.
```
Can we call the right pane the testing environment? 
And the tester sends the results to...the API? Why would results be separate from he testing ground?

Reviewer: I'm going to focus on only copyediting the rest of the changed content in this PR, because I don't think there is time to focus on context this time around.

> From the asset details pane, you can collapse and expand metadata such as major and minor versions, last published, and categories and tags. Use the *Manage versions* button to view a table of the asset patch versions. The table lists the version, instances, and the lifecycle state of dependent assets. You can add a new version of the asset, view version details, and delete a version. See xref:manage-versions.adoc[Manage Versions] for more information.

Reviewer: This para has a lot of list items and it's kind of hard to track. Consider leading off with "version information" and then consolidate what you can see here and what you can do here (add or delete, in addition to viewing all this stuff).

> The documentation page displays the asset documentation. The documentation can be edited by an administrator or the asset owner by clicking *Edit documentation*. 

Reviewer: Is this in a separate location from the asset details page we have been describing?
